Updated inactive anchor links and changed old url paths in admin-onboarding-tasks.rst (#4932)
mattermost/docs: source/getting-started/admin-onboarding-tasks.rst

**Install and manage plugins**

To enable and manage plugins, go to **System Console > Plugins**. Next, install plugins with a single click from the **Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace**. See the `Plugin Marketplace  <https://developers.mattermost.com/integrate/admin-guide/admin-plugins-beta/#plugin-marketplace>`__ documentation for details.

Consider installing and enabling the following productivity plugins for your users:   

>   - Enable audio/video calling and screen sharing with `Jitsi <https://integrations.mattermost.com/?s=Jitsi%20Plugin>`__ or `Zoom <https://integrations.mattermost.com/?s=Zoom%20Plugin>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Enable audio/video calling and screen sharing with `Jitsi <https://mattermost.com/blog/mattermost-and-jitsi/>`__ or `Zoom <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/zoom-plugin/>`__.
```

To enable and manage plugins, go to **System Console > Plugins**. Next, install plugins with a single click from the **Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace**. See the `Plugin Marketplace  <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/plugins.html#plugin-marketplace>`__ documentation for details.

Consider installing and enabling the following productivity plugins for your users:   
  - Enable audio/video calling and screen sharing with `Jitsi <https://mattermost.com/blog/mattermost-and-jitsi/>`__ or `Zoom <https://mattermost.com/marketplace/zoom-plugin/>`__.

>   - Create polls with `Matterpoll <https://integrations.mattermost.com/?s=Matterpoll%20Plugin>`__.

Reviewer: Curious as to why the following three links weren't changed along with the previous two?

Reviewer: @krutarththakkar, would you be open to updating all the links here so they have the correct URLs (i.e., do not include the search string but are the direct URL). Thank you. :)

Author: Ok, Am on it!
